# Title something about knowledge management for ecology 

Organizers
Jessica Burnett 0000-0002-0896-5099

Moderator

Speakers (titles)


## Session Description
In 400 words or less and in sentence form, describe the theme and purpose of this session.
If accepted, this text will appear in the online program.
DO NOT include the title of the session.
DO NOT duplicate information that appears elsewhere (organizer name, speaker names, speaker topics, etc).

## Session Justification
In 250 words or less and in sentence form, describe the justification for this session.
This text will not appear in the online or the print program.

## One-sentence Summary
Summarize your proposal in 50 words or less.
This sentence will appear in the print program.

## Diversity Description (Required)
In 400 words or less, please describe how this session involves diverse perspectives and voices as elaborated in ESA's Diversity Statement.

## Broader Benefits Description (Optional)
In 400 words or less, how does this session benefit broader society (for example through education, public policy, communication/public engagement, application to commercial technology, national security or international cooperation)?

# Judging
## Scientific strength
offers significant contributions to ecological understanding.
presents innovative or interdisciplinary approaches, including novel collaborations or syntheses across subdisciplines of ecology or with other related disciplines.
has broad enough appeal to generate large audiences (>250 people) at the meeting.
benefits broader society (for example through education, public policy, communication/public engagement, application to commercial technology, national security or international cooperation).
## Structure and organization
is explicitly more integrated than other oral sessions.
provides strong overall synthesis or overview; they should not be simply a set of related case studies.
avoids taking a narrow perspective on the symposium topic (organizers carefully avoid the appearance of biases toward their own perspectives).
builds a well-integrated whole (each talk should have clear relevance to the overall synthesis provided by the symposium).
## Speakers
lists 4 confirmed speakers (speakers who have been contacted and have committed to the session).
includes a specific title for every speaker’s talk.
involves diverse perspectives and voices as elaborated in ESA’s Diversity Statement.
